refactor: add package-json script naming convention and clean up scripts and workflows (#550)
swisspost/design-system: CONTRIBUTING.md

You can find more information about accessibility at the Swiss Post in our [accessibility statement](https://www.post.ch/en/pages/footer/accessibility-at-swiss-post).

## Submitting issues and requests

We are happy to receive your input. You can submit your issues to our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/swisspost/design-system/issues). If you're rather looking for help, don't hesitate to open a discussion on [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/swisspost/design-system/discussions).

When you're planning to work on bigger changes, please reach out to someone from the core team to plan your change.

## Script name conventions

Whenever we add new scripts to the package.json file, we follow the instructions below.

- A script name is all lowercase.

> - A script name uses only letters, numbers and semi-colons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A script name uses only letters, dashes and colons.
```

> - A script name short and descriptive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A script name is short and descriptive.
```

- A default script name persist of one word only (e.g. `lint`).

> - A non default script name is post-fix which describes it's special characteristica (e.g. `lint:fix`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A non default script name is postfixed with it's characteristics (e.g. `lint:fix`).
```

> - A non default script name for a specific tool, is pre-fixed with the toolname (e.g. `storybook:serve`, `storybook:bulid`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A non default script name for a specific tool is prefixed with the tool name (e.g. `storybook:serve`, `storybook:bulid`, etc.).
```

> - A non default script name can contain more than one semi-colon (e.g. `lint:fix:dry`, `stencil:test:watch`, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A non default script name can contain more than one colon (e.g. `lint:fix:dry`, `stencil:test:watch`, etc.).
```
